so started first adjustability right so
here's the actual first commit colony
goes October 27th 2015 and this is
basically like when I was in school
still finishing up school and this is
basically mostly doing my winter break
crank so those kind of like the first
like major spring that we had in terms
of my code we talked about like you know
like wearable ended we're using as far
the mice insane coming architecture of
the daemon and so on and some fun facts
like there was something with melanie
was like to call the plasma right but
before we made about open source that
goes like a degenerate places to rename
it to LMD because I was like you know we
used to be the core kind of like you
know good to CTE on me being my never
caiman so yeah I was cops that came out
you know afterwards but I was first
denied anything starting to work on LME
full-time in 16 yeah quite some time now
and at that point like if you look at
the kind of like contributor history
okay you see like a big spot afterwards
basically it was like to divert a break
and then nothing
you know school finals ta you know
invading and the boo seriously as far as
the police timeline we had on video not
one initially in general points home
team and that was basically oh we have a
thing it mostly works I think by it by
that you could basically you can set
payments you couldn't connect appears
there was no multi how there wasn't a
finding the panel of indications then we
had about to put on so you had a little
more in commitments you know we could do
things like I said payments over there
then there's one up to me like most
recently before this recent one now it's
kind of going for like really flaky more
payments we have you know so but not all
of the
counter peddling we didn't have we have
every first-time conservation system
will they know indeed to change channels
and then now we're here because on the
own up for but that's obviously the
centimeter list and I haven't even our
four members because this actually the
first released that supports payment
right so beforehand we have only tested
Senate support people got really really
excited at that anyway so we can let
this crew school from updating because
you know we had planned vacations in the
future so we knew that if you had
channels you have to close them all down
and there was a little mishap some
people you're not gonna communicated
right what was the work with it I know
we often are forbade was no sneaking
around like security and fault tolerance
so before you could they were their
backups of all you know the thing like
if you like crash then with everything
was memory would forgot I can't afford a
show sees you couldn't resume any kind
of like multi-step you know contract
handles like that but all that's been
taken care of it's now released and you
knows the person is gonna be kind of a
couple people were not made it right
before otherwise I can't be like okay we
don't have pretty good degree of
confidence that people will that things
go down Helen do you want to print
itself and also if it ever crashes
that's able to resume where it was
actually continued that's that stickers
like a pretty big monster order to make
example alright so on the LEDs like it's
kind of the first class style you know
it depends if you're good right
they don't have several advantages you
know meeting about like you know I think
it's a pretty good kind of a choice for
like creating two printer software in
general and usually the Grateful guess I
could write years ago when I don't like
to see you look less Russell never else
and I think these are some of the
reasons why we use it
and
I think we've had pretty good developer
uptake people you know typically find
that equipment is pretty easy to jump
into
because the way I'm just like kind of
familiar right if you don't see you know
Python you kind of know go it looks the
same maybe there's a word to you or the
most part before right so one good thing
let go and has a very very big country
support right so he'll Indian some is
very very good current pathology to my
native the architecture itself and are
the main things that we use though then
go to you this are a challenging origin
right so good needs basic have like a
lightweight thread it's like a green
thread that's my part of me looks and
then it has these things called check
out right so you have these know yeah
these threads are they communicate with
each other using channels so I can like
send message back before pretty easily
if you think about this this makes it
pretty easy to kind of a quick these
kind of like concurrent Arctic right so
maybe how it gets pretty service takes
the thing to be a producer
but you were and they go down and you
pretend my case because it easily
excuse me heavily it's like I think the
tunes maybe what makes the tools like
this is perfect right so we're good was
very very easy to do like CPU innkeeper
mileage like I always we can type
robotic curveball
you know big memory you know I'm using
time I see if you program like makes it
very easy with us we call people you can
also actually r√©publique hit a server to
get like a goroutine dumb things like
that like that actually has a resident
detector right so if you ever done to
curb every the residents would suck you
super hard to find and like you know
they're kind of a fan of but you get
over okay right but go ahead with the
claw resident expert slow zone career
maybe local context unless you kind of
catch all these issues right so we
always run our tests with this new
people running develop local so if the
casual basically just stop everything
and then don't be that you know the
staffers Oh concurrent right on map or
go like me to read after write
dependence each other thing and they're
the cool thing it may just have
something going empty and then they put
brought in to you that everyone to code
it looks the same right so is that this
matters will be more my Clark
we don't have to worry about oh do we do
a semicolon that the brace or a
compressor thought you know what the
space do we do look over you like this
right you're clear you to go to you then
boom everything was the same
this is good because you can you know
kind of get to know everyone support
everyone's cool it's the same sure
there's no kind of argument code review
about like oh what's the proper cosign
when a girl's dog loans in our mentally
everything is a library is super super
expensive are they similar we have
everything you need as networking you
know it has like its own destination
you're guilty of us has based you have
to do every need in order to the later
constants the cool thing they basically
produced these technical you like
binaries by default and this is nice
because I can just take it in there the
cool thing about this cycle Costco
college super should be used for any
platform at all and usually never gonna
be monitored code basically if you write
it in kampala relevant on the system the
time to have things around maybe looking
at 32% permit with those really want
that potential and it's like you know I
like this group that you know compiles
were like you know like MIPS like power
BCE like PST just everything pretty
easily which is nice
no you know my probably think more think
what go is that it's a very very simple
language practice it was like let me
just I was very very simple personalized
wouldn't even need a table to actually
parse it and resolve you can kind of
like focus on the puppet hand we're
adding like Oh am I using the public you
know like sealed class trade like bow
net there's nothing right write your
code as marriage that woman that you
folks are pad the final thing that we
like about goods is the really concerned
about is called HTC suite right so this
is ready to go as well and they're
basically anything you need a bit quick
this library has so it seems like you
know tech protections parsing things
addresses on a pier great network you
know so that one D is mostly composed of
libraries in ecstasy sweet pad company
to actually write a chain we're calling
out to because we see with yourself
right
so I've like this this set of kind of
abilities made go and also go in Bitcoin
like a very good choice for everyone say
hi today with Valentina
alright so now there are particular
melody so like any kind is a very
particular architecture we try to like
maintain this wherever we're doing and
things like a review or a new substance
to the track so for the most part like
LEDs compose of a set of common
independent substances right and these
stuffs threat when concurrently
microscopic before they use dirty put
the code base itself to write an
isolation it right in parallel but they
usually have to make it with each other
by this is pretty good because when
you're reading and you are these
subsystems you know that only it can
mutate its own state right there's no
other thing we have a resolution so in
the graph you technical stuff like you
know the state to the existent instead
in order for me about my own stick and
you get a better spy ups again a message
to a car semester I finds my state and
then maybe I sent a reply back at law
so this is really cool because now you
basically have a conditioner system
within the actual prosthetics off right
so we you know time we have to do things
to have like you need to be able to
ensure that can handle come back
duplicate message delivery as well
because if something like you know
resource that comes back up you need to
be able to him that message
you know being received and do get
manicures the cows much away people my
message to use regular servers little
things like that back and the main thing
is kinda like this like main tenant like
a problem would go if you don't
communicate by sharing memory
essentially everybody to be kidding
right
for this me don't have a single shared
like map that one has a law to and that
one weekend ago right instead maybe you
have that map inside was gone goroutine
people send it your serialize mr. TECA
modify the state of it and then you can
actually maybe some of them the message
like to read the current state of it
itself and that by itself makes it
weaker program very good easy to reason
about right good otherwise kinda like
okay did I have like the main lock and
like you know the other lock on the
entries I haven't watched
never worry about that business 10
message to come back and to get much we
can go on and then do things the other
cool thing about this is that like we
can craft for every person pacifically
between each subsystem by itself
legislation right so he subsystem
basically knows that maybe has like a
particular law or has kind of like you
know so my last question is you can
ascend or things that we're going
together
get back so we start we can as well we
can make ski test you know fault
tolerance their age specifically in a
particular sound something using unit
test right
rather there's kind of hoping you know
hey hopefully at all our track but focus
and no you know what muscles we need
right but the cool thing it's like each
subsection you have its own longer right
and this is really really good for
debugging because you're like oh what
happens my channel let me like look at
these subsystems that just does pin on
the tail updates right or like what
mentions caming okay now can I crank up
just like the Peter be messaging a lot
of things like that
this is really cool because you know I
can meet myself I have like a pair
particularly like a lot and so I think
that I know understand me I turn this
off other things that maybe you know
more importance I think is around like
you know handling states or message
about coming in from the other important
part nominees that anything that
actually change specific is all the
factor the way right and then this is
good because this is how I would support
things like so right now I need support
to be TCP
they couldn't be and entry no as a
backhand right but you know something
right now if you have a company you
basically have like your own API you
miss to plug into that back if you want
to write this is but it's pretty easy
because these are like the main basis we
have personal is changing a fiber to
your firebase speed does things that we
do all the time up you know let me know
most it's making fruit let me know we're
not has been spent and then also let me
know what a new block comes in right and
if you know things about the couch and
ways to use those three things all the
time
next thing is the signer animation behan
knows well you know signing so it needs
to know how to do things like I know say
the segue I say caches know how to deal
improperly
that's cool because he puts that fact of
the way Randall's other than the crossed
up with you later on maybe unit like an
own dedicated hardware device right
we could even be in like a remote server
which has other contacts control policy
to prevent you know people just like
doing kind of like interweb and stuff
rather than hold the key to integrity
changing those themselves and you're
basically driving to Quito particular
matter
so basically we can even have this like
be Van Horn's a minute something
activist like give us some dresses and
keys public keys from using me with the
chocolate melting prior to signing them
and in fact we have watched by L which
basically you can read the blonde chain
what's the block you know given the
transaction ursday on the sponsor things
like that right
Kumar publishing peace walk about
very very easily because of the
attraction we have on here to have set
up in the deviation test we just know
that we come and assert the equivalent
of all of these in therapies together
ensure a big windy works as well as
every just even other things but as
always do education go from maybe like
two years ago and it wasn't like even
close to this
maybe I can point but hope you guys so
the way it is like anytime there's an
arrow that either means is come at the
direct dependency force like passing a
message to another cell system itself
right very more than we have why do
people work right then that we have seen
Club Ron time brought tide is basically
this eye cream basically that we have
top of
reason with the piping it was in the
cold nose made by Trevor Carney works
I'm like signal and like what's
happening like that favorite kind of
mastic not very message protocol with
you very model crypto has some cool
things around the camp chicks to ensure
that like you know we have two
properties but identity hiding like not
replay it loves your times like that
then you're right above that we have
Elmira which does all the framing so
I've encoding/decoding any messages the
cool part about the way this is set up
is that like if you want to just like
take our code base because everything
here is like its own individual package
and just connect to the network and
listen to you know what's going on you
can do that right because everything at
the fair you know - where they're
tracking away and that actually has two
unit tests as well right above the we
have appears that this base you know
reading writing lesson is different
peers then we have a server which itself
it's kind of like handling the estate of
all computers itself then we have the
rst server so obviously purposes servers
be just a part of led itself and that's
where anytime you're in any application
they're going to their PCs are correct
so every server uses something called
not read well in case they'll get to
look at later so anytime you know a
Samaritan basically this kind of error
potential right so typically you have
maybe how about usually when password
you basic have these maybe you look up
to Kevin you know welcome it before
looks like massive list come access
control list instead we do something
called Elliott it's a we have to have a
credential system right so I can give
you a credential essays you can only
make you address this right and I'd give
us there are certain state so you try to
make a channel no that's about right
then I can make this address I can take
this dog you know you address Mac
Wednesday you can only make you pure you
know segments like what addresses right
and then you can't make you know Nessa P
to escape everything else like that so
those are those capabilities that you
can basically delegate back room then
also kind of attenuate it down and this
is nice because if your basic
navigational technology you can kind of
a partition all your boxes and give them
only there's one Billy that they need
right so you big challenge you can
listen to brain voices and you can send
payments and that that's pretty good
because from
like you know harmonization and like
having kind of like a separate
responsibility to a bunch all the
concessions of itself
we have charity which we use for our
peace or itself we have RESP epoxy which
is basically what Boyce you I can make
it with on the daily itself and then if
you move right a little bit
we have the Gospel writers the rank of a
server so this Vicki you know dealing
with kind of like change a facebook for
the viewers I like seeing what's going
on as far as like you know each channel
things like that but that you have the
router to the router you know Huck's
directly into the gospel could maybe
it's getting committed to this they try
to tell me be let me have a show since
which was kinda like the fabric of L&D
right - this is like oh like no papers
package thing whereas basically like has
served by channels which are all links
this makes me handling the capabilities
for a minute now kind of gets that
little bit later and the movie number
two we have a sign of the cube right
right above that who better manager
right
so again triangles basically how do we
do having make new channels right so
basically watch the stick machine like
okay I signed you know the ferry
production so the Commission's action or
get some broadcast what goes along with
that and that hooks into above the main
like three defaces wall controller
terrifying the bottom bottom I know
there's a lot that we have few tension
there speak so this never this goes into
place where you have coming at my
confident right so where does it base
the baby sixties opposite opportunity
once they return you know CSP was MTV
most adoptions time walk and if you
bendin like those back into the law so
as we saw because we have that kind of
usable can put ability would use plenty
of recover in the future we have the
contract quark record great
disputes happen right so then any case
were like somebody stole a kiss upon
your state or we better change like time
about something else
contact court handles that the basically
communicate initially you know it's like
it may be the case that though I haven't
hdl-c and timed out so now I need to
broadcast and I give that to you shake
if you take generally the nurse to be
like you don't want to sort on school
your maturity maybe it'll kind of blocks
then perhaps the back
to the wall and then I don't think of
the priests sharpener the beachcombers
come by his own section this space deep
where that you know justice gets
dispatched at times and I just I mean
you know because the contract basically
has to have like these stipulations
where here we do this I get all the
money if that happened the breach our
biggest notified by TN fire you know
broadcast transaction the rice discs and
then he gives a nurse ready maybe to
print some time logs but that's product
in architecture everything's right now
and this is a lot simpler in the past
maybe like a few of these subsystems
came up in you know the past year or so
which we kind of a retractable been
realized
we want a little more flexibility in
certain areas I think I think there may
be a dozen out and the nice thing how
there was no test fix things do you
reason about alright so let's talk about
I think it's not like navigation
platform we're just so you know have
some recently including my lighting is
basically that's gonna like this new
developer pumping room right before
maybe as developer you need to know
about like oh you know hi guys have you
TX so what's the sequence value you know
what's like how do I actually even do
signature supposed to say calves things
like that and that can really kind of
get intense right and then that kind of
you know hande quite as though because
maybe people that were document but also
it just kind of seemed like a reward on
yourself right and they've been thinking
that was lightning and so now because we
have this like you know much more you
might maybe I was like another layer
because we have that other way we can
track the weight and everyone else right
what I don't get a channel like really
more no all this does below that right
there's like a bunch of things going on
Mikey's sign in a generation sees
everything else go if you you for the
channel and I could be it's much much
simpler API just those little things
kind of likely to do doing things like
you don't be doing for services it may
be like I'm paying you know I'm like
walking somewhere else Diane I've been
hooking someone's like you around I
would pay them via VPN servers actually
I connect to the router and maybe like
you know
like that I knew things like impassable
party transactions so we did like a demo
demo of this like maybe like last
October we should Billy needs like
Swampert to pay for my current events
right it's a pretty cool use case
because otherwise I you know trust
exchange we get to another chain that I
think 30 minute 20 minutes is it that
going against it itself and it's when
we've been calling these like well house
it's kind of like a play on my words but
I think actually on the house themselves
to melody itself like if you like
architect this make you know development
will be like easier right so we wanted
to become a composite of people make a
chinois where people will you integrate
I never changes in my birds and other
things so we can look like that's what
the final design of its off so one of
the main things that we use is GRC so
every see if you guys don't know is
basically something I don't turn with a
Google called study but then they open
source they can trace your steps like
anything that with the Google basically
uses something that's very small you
ever seen the use of heard of most if
you all know no risky it's like find
your solution from apps you can
basically have like that I get a
definition of a message and that
composites like any of mindless right
now well most any of those languages you
can use that same you know struck or
like dictionary of rails in that
language and the cool thing about this
or we use this page to be two so this is
less efficient you don't have one single
connection that multiple punches a bunch
of other different messages to between
themselves and this is cool because now
that you know you don't have to
basically you might quit use like a
specialized decay or hit like a rest
thing you've basically like you know
code in your own language right so
you're in Python like you know you
basically have a generator in reading
all this stuff you know send messages or
you know maybe it's cool if you know
what you do this by less because that
you kind of like focus and integrate
this like very deeply into business
logic grab might have it okay I'm
talking led I'm doing my record program
they kind of look more integrated
together and then the building rather
has like three purposes so I can
basically that you have low to no
connection to get notifications like
okay let me know every single time the
team itself
and I have a callback that maybe like
piss off some WebSockets like Jasmine
kind of the exceptions together I can do
things like you know notify I'm going to
tell to become close but generally you
see my people in your many applications
on this like you know people bill are
explorers you know different dogs
actually
maybe do any charity maybe I supported
village come on you know you like typing
like mortgage to aquarium at one is
telling that you can use this instead
right so basically all this apart is
over to Graz server instead using JSON
it's pretty easy to like here is that
with me I'm creating for the bounce of
my channels right so using either of
these poets paying the application wait
before application when to use either
one of these once again you have my
runes it's not bro this little bit
forward like because you have this bear
content rules so right now we basically
have like 1000 that basically doesn't
know we we have a we don't in that room
so any things out so on the import
scales let me have an invoice background
today boy spectrum is cool because not
even have like a survey that accepts
payments on lightning and can't do
anything else right so we may even have
even if that server is compromised what
they can do is like making voices make
addresses right and like it'll cause you
know a boy situation or something or
separately but so the winds with a cool
piece remember that we have it right so
we have what we call a bakery plant so
what the people are just going to say
here's my moon it can only make channels
below two PTC on ones right and there's
also you make an apology be to see
Wednesday can find you basically take
that down like a very very fine grain on
education three applications and that's
gonna be coming soon in our views
versatility alright so we also have this
pretty cool developer site made by max
in Terraria was last summer
oh there's cool that's what this pretty
cool site you can actually see you know
every single RPC that melanie has and if
you look on the top right we show
example coordination of the command line
unpack and also one is the cooling what
this is like aren't likely generated so
anytime you have taper totals will also
get their 12 and that's API down like a
community I did the wrong except
afterwards but yeah and then we also
have this developer set for LOD I was a
pretty cool itself I get name of Max
last summer and this is kind of a target
a definite one like your boat and Gandhi
so everybody could or if you section
that kind of like get you in the proper
like mindset my application why I said
you know how do I think about letting
application time I think about lightning
how do I think about it what's going on
the hood
come I walked you through me to make me
like the technology even television is
like that and also has like a directory
of all about the cool we even have a
tutorial club like cornets evasion takes
you to kind of like how do they coin
desk but I have a cable turn right so we
have become very like hands up to Torrez
recovers X into the development things
like that and the silence that was open
source and anything's how to date you
can basically you make a pull request
method of things site you want to have a
new example the maybe these total
different languages itself you can do
that as well
alright now we're getting into more a
little bit except like what works or as
safety you know 1d itself so we have
this thing called Cypress the first
version is called AZ so one thing with
my name is that unlike a regular wallet
we basically have a mini mini secret key
when you drive for a while it may be you
just have like you know I'm using bit 44
so like I have my counts make it like a
partition them and that's it
before our also letting you know for
every single contact we have we maybe
need like five or six different keys
like right now even get more than okay
the future right to Rizzo we're gonna
thing like highly make sure it actually
works how can we make it determines they
can react to pack things up properly
then we look at these as big distance II
for a mess right so everyone knows you
know good 39 and as
wasn't out there Wow the other thing is
that like you know there's 39 then
there's other grips like for three and
why 49 and 44th talk about key
derivation literally like very very
simple and not mind specific so we're
like well I guess we got the girl so we
added that but we can you know go
through kind of like just creation like
why we did so because yeah it's kind of
you can see it's like pretty big
departure away from the regular industry
a bunch of uh 39y would make our own
teeth on that so one of the common 139th
that had no birthday so you know this
maybe works for you like an api like you
know like maybe in the inside where else
detects do see step if I'm on my phone I
want to start my Genesis right you know
I could be like the first people doctor
I could be you know the California's the
future so right so we want to make sure
they didn't have to like go all the way
back into the chain I think it has no
version right which means that again I
have to see how do I know how do I Drive
- Drive on your keys right I could have
electro you know 2.0 in 10 years we've
used like Python 3.7 version the other
thing is that the way they do the
password it actually just like loss of
funds right because you'll actually know
the correct password when they have a
feature there they turn that basically
how claimed how many hit wallets which I
think maybe depending these kids never
be actually be they're useful residents
own if I have my seat was probably
productive I put in and another password
doesn't tell me no that's wrong he just
says okay here's your wallet it could be
five dollars it could be 20 but now I
don't really know woman or my pastor who
was the other thing has that basically
definitely do anything in the parameters
day and maybe didn't really give you
much in the past and does really tell
you how to are the keys right so now I
mean maybe like have you know you know
my wallet and the backup like together
and then hope in the future that did I
guess we'll use Python support for what
along like on fire so instead we grade
something called AZ these come at the
first instantiation so they can recall
like the sex I proceed
it's all right so if you look on the
right top right way to kinda like see
what the foreigner that looks like so
first thing is we have extraversion
right and then we have a ciphertext and
it checks them over that side vertex
they telomers basically tells you kind
of like how to parse everything else so
I didn't write that with is basically
like one bike right now and you know we
can viciously bump it up in the future
especially cool things like let's say we
change the KDF in the future or we
change our the different gravity you
know take an existing CD off my program
and then basically we convert it back to
a new format then we have a cipher text
right so some types actually in an
encryption of its payload above which is
the internet version which basically
tells wallet how to drive the keys so
you know this could be like you know 2 5
sec we're never almost knows basically I
was using set with you know 2018 and I
use Windows key hash I knew that's a big
laser space that's it we have the
birthday and the birthday is I used
something called we call a bit Bitcoin
days Genesis right so we realized that
we didn't really need like a fool you
know 8 by 8 before by x have been 17 say
ok you know because period in 2009
nothing goes back before them let's just
like count every single day beyond that
the cool thing about this begin keys to
buy sandals like 2088 so in the future
[Music]
yeah so there's also password then how
many we have following the tech stuff
so again just an interest rates about
this is that like from the get-go the if
you have a password the seed itself is
actually encrypted right so I can maybe
potentially a clean sound plaintext and
don't even know anything up from that
because actually couldn't they need the
passphrase
random talk about we have a passphrase
we've read that through a kid yeah and
apply salt which to coated with
everything else and then finally we have
the checks on the outside so when you're
decrypting you can first verify that
this is the correct of words but then
even beyond that because the Sun
protects use this AAT within and we use
something called a Z which is our
greater signs block cipher which means
that we can encrypt like a very small
amount of data and control exactly what
without the Mac which has become a god
other than we can you know have like
twenty minutes turns to read my track
because it might actually fix we can
adjust the internal mechanism summation
in size they put itself and then finally
because it's actually more like a ad it
has a tag inside of it right so this
movie call subject subject expansion
factor where we can control how many
additional bytes to add onto which
controls basically that's the strength
of the tag itself and this is cool
because now once I actually you know
notice the correct words if I put in the
password I know what's wrong I don't
have to use that now for now at that
point I don't be worried about you know
kind of maybe you like finding out that
like I thought was right past whatever
reason memory a that my clothes were
there but now this basically the seed
for that we L&D and as more people
support of course it was a little bit
different then there will be we're used
to because there's longer may be used to
use twelve words you know su recommend
that you add the the pacification as
well but more or less the base the
inputs are all feet that we needed has a
version so we basically know how far as
they are a part of it in the future
would be decide we want to configure
checksum or when you took a criticism we
can basically have a tool to update the
version they give uh someone else has
internally to tell you how you want how
you like to drive the keys and the time
has a birthday so I can do with lifetime
how far back to start with and then talk
about back outside so we talked about
you know so the secret is about like how
do we drive all the key to be happen you
know in the past now this base once I
have all the keys what kind of deal with
them right or even now what I'm actually
live actually of the question
how have you done what have they to
recover the way so you know one thing to
know is that Landon knows that here a
little more stable right we don't just
have the keys we also have the current
tastic right that basically tells you
what's what stay no more Leon you know
what crap you were using was my balance
was your balance and whereas these are
active itself and as a result you
basically need the current state and
yourself keys by the light you can
update right if you have your keys you
don't know the state you can't really
have a state and you're the keys you can
turn it as well so instead we're going
to have a two-phase approach the first
stage basically it dynamic town backup
and you gotta learn about this but we
have this thing called a quash knowledge
right so that dear is that in
technically or maybe getting back
together you can export this like space
actually do the different versions
normalize like the important part of the
watchtower doesn't know which team else
is being one fight
you can even though you encrypt that
data so doesn't know you know exactly
you know that were there was things like
that I send that state to the private
house person right and it's resolved now
I can just know that like okay if I have
attendees in the world may be headed in
the role only one of these exit right
no remember to be integrated into L&T
we're gonna actually add them in
sclerotic note itself so basically if
you're running around any one of the
watchtowers here's a little easier to
like discovery to how many participants
but also now you can say if I'm a
watchtower than I can reckon I can also
run into it you're gonna I'm pretty
closer together the other thing we'll
adds but you'll be able to point them at
a girl with instance right so let's say
I have my know and not have like it a
computer at home I'll be able to back up
those days to my computer as well it can
get to thing or even like you have it
you do some I quorum like 35 machine
like the trial or something like that
the other thing is that we may add
something to a queue like aunt like
batch the updates together otherwise I
think imagine like kind like a prom
steroids like someone rush are globally
because everyone's updated obviously has
like a mastitis I attack
right there was taken at the time we're
going to add it's kind of a staggering
process in it to basically ensure that
we're giving away like you know timing
of it us like this we'll probably
integrated that today jewelry this
voluntee we're gonna kind of like devote
on it first and then likely create the
standardized bulb for it in the end
cause it'd be nice to erase we all know
is you know they've already been
squashed ourself right they have the
exact same messaging kind of trimming
treachery that now it's very easy for
you know just like no you know spin up
Texan channels and also ensure that
you're safe like someone like you know
they have their national on Frank that
stays like channel state number twenty
with live broadcasts you know revoke
state twenty was broadcast remote
security but you're doing something
sketchy exhibition marks and then
basically once that's done it says
you're waiting for a confirmation then
justice will be served right and the
right you can see the other note that
says I know just said served we get our
money back
the question is like you know exactly
what happened in this case what happened
was that like a user had a notification
right and certain reason they went to
like some issue they know how to get
past it
so they share things that they can they
restored with a prior backup right they
basically just got the CP the copy that
you know state as a result when they
came back up they wrote one like no
state twenty five but really they were
they only had there was a 22 is result
if they actually broadcast their
transaction they violated the contract
right which means the be sharper degrees
on the other we this you know dispatched
justice on to the individual rate so the
questions like how do you avoid this
pathway so if you have your dynamic
states how do you ensure that if I
the backup of a static state actually
works properly right so I'm gonna
explain that maybe have something call
its death and about that right so what
we can do is we would next over Lu the
watchtower with some static allocation
right and this is FHP be basically per
state I say it's data cuz you only need
this for like web team was created you
create wannabes when it's closed we
believe it at the end right and because
it's static combined with the seed
format basically the backup tells you
what keys were used nothing not the
exact keys like a keypad using the
computer vision that protocol using the
C format itself it also tells you
information around you're kind of like
the the no other things like that so
they stay given your standing back up
and your C you can read arrived all of
the keys you actually need and then in
the hands of basic apart they don't want
you can follow this curve on here right
so first you first back up in your
basically alright make sure it's you
know maybe have a magnet for collecting
crap things like that
I use my seen the back to we drive all
the keys actually have I can connect
back to the nose on my channels with and
when when they see in this particular
state they'll activate something we call
that data protection in the paragraph
itself right so they'll give you some
information needed to actually excrete
my funds they click on the channel on
chain and then I can sleep mind directly
them enough to without any delay I said
this kind of emergency scenario thing
where if this had boolean Clinton you
know the priority would have been
prevented because once I realized okay
hey coach can walk they like she lost
some data and we have this plan that way
to really spell Indy as well because now
it's the state where if I have my C and
I have where these matchups any work I
could get that money back on right so I
can use my seat for my on to
introductions with my top chain pen even
if I happen
Angeles and in a world we played a
basically have so much degrees likes to
party see so every single time from the
channel you may see grab none of these
points taken off stock ever drop my
forever else to ensure that you have all
the restate properly this is people
safely back on lacking right if you ever
do you think naive is how much like
hockey and hoping that I have the
correct version unless you're doing some
very you know complicated university
system yourself this is what you should
be doing and will be implementing this
side a very severe with indeed know if
they don't make it double standards
because it'd be cool or can you know if
they're using the same scene have a
stadium back to format they can
implement other new and actually we
derived and keys and get all everybody
back we want you know we wanted my
closet oh she's because in the future
very long you know supposed to maybe the
important percent final thing we have in
these we have so perform at the partners
ability you have to connect family to
other peers it's kind of like it was was
was a big other the event was cuz if I
if I don't I'm on IRC how many one I
wouldn't be able to actually connect
down to anyone else so we basically out
of this thing called an activity shuttle
right
so I wasn't that funny minutes like it
was in the code itself we can see like
this interview stuff right we have to
call it repeatedly shop right and this
mysterious manner which he just takes
different justice knows I shouldn't
connect to in the return addresses
connect to itself and then using this we
can compose this for the multi switch
which trapped to basically ensure that
we get a number of new peers from set of
distinct you know we start right we want
to see whose members because they keep
me the case like someone's DNS server
goes down also the entire number can
actually connect to each other right so
the current to reach a victim have good
base push me up DNS the boat 10 this
very similar to the way and India's
Bitcoin works is a bit peckish
decorative also we run too much of you
know Bitcoin idea now stuff and we have
one of those
or testing at Bitcoin maintenance I
would get one for like point to point
and then also we have terribly Shepard
right so you only need DNS we actually
connect appear for the first time after
you connect you basically have the cell
type of authenticated sign announcements
the other thing is you only yourself
announced individuals that can prove
they have a channel open right
this avoids kind of symbol Wilson error
whether it's like in flood you can maybe
do it in close time basically you forced
them to don't have some skin in the game
you didn't have one when you take
certain channels and otherwise I want to
check your announcement true so when you
come up you you can connect to the DNS
resolver you can get their units will
set up ears but after that because you
have this data you can you're really in
trying to have a show in the future but
you know what they were probably to do
the future as well as Pat there's no
versions of which traffic because
otherwise we basically want as many
pretenders person as possible
and for several reason the DNS server is
down you may have issue that's
connecting one thing we see in the water
that's you sure DNS was already you know
closer on our larger SRB records which
you know because maybe they don't
support like you know one more UDP or
they don't see a resolution there maple
is actually connects maybe well you know
unless you smother you know the choices
of how we to be with trapping in 80
seconds behind a final thing that we
have here was pretty cool was I got the
talk line but I know in the past you
basically didn't really know what you
did was doing right you can look look at
the log but you wouldn't know if you
have supported transactions or things
like that so in this one we basically
have like a time series data baseball
completed payment service write the
complete payment circuit is basically my
get like an ad and you know I forward
out in a DC and I get my settlement them
you know I get some V itself so there's
we basically store all is persisting on
density may want that you know for
several reasons as far as like a friend
let's record keeping and also know the
different analysis the cool thing now is
like I'd like to look at
no because it's like time series
database and query like though between
2:00 and 3:00 p.m. you know there was
that lunch up Westco sounds like a spike
in my activities block that I can look
at that maybe turn an elastic what's
going on now so I can actually see if my
neighbors running properly right so if
you look on the the top right you see
that the viewport command Square desert
shows you the fees of all's been
channels that you have you can see like
I of P over like one bass booster she
and I think was like 0.001 percent and
it really has to also break down like
the date so I made that day this is like
on the test on faucet and no good past
when I've had under 45 so she's you know
sorry place right now because these are
going very low on testing particularly
in Oswego is not like that much traffic
going on right now in testing to be able
unlike movers manager Park let me also
have before teenage free command 140
history does by the fortunes you the
last 24 hours reporting right so you can
see you know I had two pigments in
metric for our period one is 2 K
satoshis the other one was empty Petra
so she's had one so she's right
this is pretty cool because now what
people can do is they can like actually
do rose announces to author challenge
right so as we go on Paulo in the David
right now right now when we blow to
combat the static information static
graphics see where she should connect an
expectation as to when the future we can
basically look at the rules of
information of all on scholars coming in
and the decide I want to close out
Channel V because check out a you know
is uh getting more revenue it's almost
depleted so I can close out when they
experience my sentence warm here I can
do things like you know ensure that I
have a compartment properly weave down
some schedule to ensure that you know I
kept any available flow any given time
maybe it's the case that like I'm doing
one on like answers over here telling me
I can ramp up my fees to only like have
you know things I can go in so we can do
locked into the future look into this
people can you know make like very cool
come back in the middle who have each
PLC switch which is the middle and sort
of manages all of the surrounding links
the link is like a connection between
myself and the person who have a channel
with and so when I'm actually forwarding
payments and I send the onion packets
they actually go through these links so
there's a job you'll see switch to sort
of be sort of like this financial router
that is accepting payments and deciding
that afford them out so the life cycle
this hdl-c will start on the only on
your left with the blue line to follow
all the way through the red line sort of
indicate where a packet can fail
internally and it'll just sort of
setback and fail to the person like
upstream of where it came from and the
green is actually like a successful
response or settled you see a green line
over there that's when we actually
receive a payment locally so as soon as
you receive it we check like oh you have
an invoice cool so go back over here
we're actually getting like a response
from Herveaux pier and then fording back
through the key components here are the
circuit map and the 40
those are the primary things that were
added here for tea packages are mainly
reliable with our mainly responsible for
ensuring reliable forwarding of all the
packets internally within the switch so
if we a sulli like right everything
immediately to disk and then we come
back out we can always know how to sort
of resume our state and it'll sort of
aggressively make sure that these are
pushed through and get to the other
links the circuit match job is a little
different it sorta sits in the middle
and what its job is is to make sure that
this we never send the packet through
the switch more than once within a
particular length sort of looks like and
so it's it has to basically handle like
this job of like managing broadcasting
messages between like ham of M different
Pierce like this is huge like
communication bottleneck problem and so
getting like a lot of efficient so there
was pretty critical so start here at the
circuit map so whenever we get a circuit
very stark never gates you'll see it's a
it's a sinus surgery key which is a
tuple of the channel and the HDL chto
CNU sort of autoincrement
for each channel so they'll just like
ratchet up and we'll get them in order
and there's sort of like me when you're
fourteen payment there's sort of an
incoming key so the person reported to
me will assign like some HDL cid tied to
this channel and then i will sort of go
through the circuit map and then
assigned in an outgoing key and I almost
signed it sort of hdl-c on my outgoing
channel that they're gonna peel them and
so the job circumvent primarily is to
line up those two incoming outgoing keys
the proper reason is that when the
payment comes back across the back
across from the Rope here then I have to
look up like by the Adelphi key where do
I actually send this or which channel to
actually send this back along right who
was
originally send it to me and that whole
process needs to be persistent because
if it doesn't do we might receive it
would be like oh well I don't know draw
and that's like the worst case that
could possibly happen here because black
holing a payment is basically the worst
case if I set the payment and it just
gets lost by the network that you know
goes beyond restarts and doesn't know
how to handle anything it doesn't
realize it already having received this
payment and just doesn't it just drops
it then that's just going to sit there
and try not to the steel TV expires so
that's not that's not too great now some
of the big challenges here is that like
some of the lakes may not be online at
the time I'm actually trying to make
this payment right so the semantics of
like an ad which is when you're going
out and blow the diagram this way are
different than when you're going
backwards so when you're going out of
town like a best case or best effort
forwarding all right if I if I'm sending
a payment and the road peers amount of
line I'll just be like go get on a line
I'll send the bill back and so like
that's a little bit easier but with the
response right I need to make sure that
always gets back if I committed to
forwarding state you'll see and infected
then when I get a response I need to
make sure it gets back otherwise that
person is gonna be sitting there waiting
for okay so that's one of the big
challenges is also in between this whole
process the links can flap so they might
come up come on come online go down and
repeat this process and we've seen this
online on up you guys with my test led
you see you like this I know it'll come
up set in there go down come up send an
A or go down like and there a lot of
using that so making sure that like all
of this state stays consistent when that
process is happening is a big challenge
and really the big things here like I
said are linked reliable clearly and at
most one semantics and we have to do all
this while at the same time avoiding a
right for every single hdl-c
because I can assure you and it was
tested if you do it once per each you'll
see you'll get it like it throughput of
about ten transaction per se
and that's actually a probably best case
there's about three sub system
like they all had to be kind of joined
in concert to do this and you're just
putting one of them with like a singular
right career we're putting was like a
singular right for subsystem or great so
seen drop it's like performance
dramatically so doing all this and like
a matched man it was hugely critical
like I said and then forty packages so
going back to our diagram so the forty
packages are internal to every link as
soon as we receive packets from the
outgoing world we sort of write them to
disk and like I said that star is the
sort of przemek primary statement which
will like read on reading and on startup
to make sure that we reform these
internally like I said they all they're
all batched because and they're batch at
the level of the channel updates so when
I do like a commits a receive provoke
enact all these TLC's that are done or
handled in that in those batches are all
sort of across atomically and the reason
is it kind of like simplify is actually
a recovery logic when you think about it
if you actually receive a batch of HDL
C's but then actually cross them
individually let's say I get it back to
ten and I start processing the first
three and then I go down right when I
come back up how do I know where I
thought it could have been the complaint
for example especially with something
that needs to be like a replay
protection right if I if I process three
and I say oh those were good the first
time when I've written that to this that
they were good then I come back up and
then I check again and it's like I've
replayed myself so actually by doing
everything in a batch making sure that
are like persistence logic is back to
the same level was at the actual
technological atomicity of the channels
it was like a huge like safety feature
in my opinion and it was also like kind
of necessary for the performance per
second so basically like went with these
40 magnificent we only ever write to
disk with these 40 packages in the best
case so during normal operation always
like write to disk
everything's buffer it in memory through
entire switch and then only they like me
crash we have to I feel like reading
sort of Reconstructor in memory state
they're kind of a few niche cases here
because like I said this is just kind of
the flow of a payment in memory this
doesn't include like all the actual like
persistent restarts and stuff so he's
sort of like some has a bunch of like
internal like recovery procedures and
stuff like that and so one of the cool
things about this design is that because
everything's only written to this when
we come up or they in the process of
like when we when we are done actually
with these forty packages we can garbage
collect them totally you seriously just
by reading to this we read their discs
be like ok this one's done like remove
it and we kind of be like once a minute
and that doesn't like interfere at all
of the channels that can be done kind of
on a table of passive levels so
basically the win here is that we're
able to batch things it heavily and that
is a big win for performance so moving
on to multi chain stuff we in this
latest version of a loadout forward beta
we restructure the data directory
entirely we now segregate segregated
directories we know we now separate like
graph and chain data so led like right
now can support bitcoin and litecoin
that's what it's gonna be good for we
just said in like my ISA for it which
builds on you it's almost entirely the
same components as big pointy back-end
but you know each each chain sort of has
chained into that needs might be heavier
is more and if you use neutrino maybe
compact filters and then additionally
each one is a wallet so in the chain
data as you see we we sort of store them
by like a big point like whatever test
Senate main it sitting that you're on
and then the actual data entirely and
then the difference between that and
grafting is that graph data sort of
share across all all like all possible
taint you listening on so like it for
example if you guys saw the swaps demo
all the graph data for Bitcoin
my clan was all in the in the graft
directory whereas like they would
actually have separate humane that or
not meaning that testing a BBC and LTC
directories and wallets so this is like
a nice separation of like just
directories and concerns I hopefully
that gives you sort of interview like
where or introductory look ahead as to
where this will go when we actually
incorporate like the phone will teach a
multi-chain name and support so the
medical thing isn't getting prepped and
preparing for that we implemented
deterministic curtayne key derivation so
if you guys are familiar with the bit
32t derivation path you know that goes
hard to purpose heartache when type or
an account change like next story - Lord
child you that's what's up oh yeah and
then yeah so we so a couple changes that
we made to support like the
configuration schemes of all I was
talking about we played purpose of 101
seven shutouts Brick Squad waka waka we
use slip or 4450 derivation so you know
Bitcoin 0 it's not one like - - and then
for all the key derivation because we
have different types of accounts like
you know the standard wallet - use like
a default account of 0 but like
following that and all this stuff to do
like you know the multi-state Keys
reputation based points payment base
points all these things so if we
actually just talk about the account for
this key family sort of notion and so
this is nice because in the world seems
I think we can set the different types
and we initialize one wall entertain you
know so we each one of those get placed
in its own chain directory if you're
using led in that setting those walls
can either penalty be rescanned and
recovered so I'm currently working on
all like the rescale logic so that
you'll be able to just say like oh
restarting L&D pop it will look ahead of
a thousand or five thousand twenty
whatever it is and it will just sort of
drag key scan forward looking for them
and update your
as it goes and finally the biggest
benefits of all this is that you can use
180 seats I proceed and be able to like
manage funds on all different chains
finally getting some more Onion Routing
packet construction so in this last
version we sort of optimize the actual
construction process so before we had
sort of a quadratic algorithm that when
you're processing like a path line 220
hops but basically this of N squared
algorithm to actually derive all the
ephemeral private keys and blinded
puppies here are the you can see the
equations right here basically you can
see that like you know you go from 0 to
I and then actually the Kalani factor is
also exempt from certify but because
they were like share across all then we
can cash them all and the effects of
this are pretty immense we saw an 8x
feed up dropping this time from roughly
down the for NAB milliseconds on my
machine like 75-65 less memory 77
percent fewer allocations and the
shuttle to Jimbo is he here well he he
read this up and then it was accepted to
the bolt L inspect so now it's like the
reference implementation for how you
drive it any packets or at least like
these keys and then we have some
benchmarks at the bottom and then
finally like just a comparison of the
number of total like scaler and base
motivations that you use computing so
pretty big savings and finally now a
part of this holding hdl-c switchboard
across there if you'll see packet
forwarding is the ability to detect
replay the Sphynx onion packets so if I
just take a so the packets over the
network they come over in list 13 1366
byte onion blob and I received it off
the network that I'm able to process it
and get things like the would top
according to the amount the time out
steal TV stuff like that and if someone
were to actually just intercept those
packets and start
playing that to me it's sort of like a
privacy lady we could determine like you
can see my actions based off the actions
I take based off of crossing that packet
as well as like you know someone might
just cross it again or whatever so we
want to permit that as much as possible
and this operation has to be has to
survive restarts so if I like if I send
you much stuff make you crash or DDoS
you come back up try to send you the
same things you know you shouldn't be
able to accept that or you should at
least detect it so the way we implement
this to be able in a decaying log which
when I received this money Bob in parson
I am actually able to generate a shared
secret one of the ones that's a well the
equation isn't here but yeah but and
then we have to take about the first 20
bytes and store is sort of like a on
disk table of all those then when when
these packets come in I actually just
compare against all the ones that I know
and if any are like found to be
duplicates we reject them and and then
so so and then in that process we we
actually record in that batch which ones
were actually marked as replays because
going back to this sort of example of
when we're crossing it back to 10 HD LCS
and we get down in the first three if we
restart and then come up again we might
actually be replaying ourselves and not
actually know the difference so to
prevent against that we use this a batch
identify its ID which is the short chain
ID commit height and we use that as like
an identifier when we pass that in if
the batch has already been sort of
tested for replays we just return the
actual like set replayed indexes of
those packets and we know off the bat
that like we don't think anymore
processing that was just like a decision
before we're gonna determine this it
could be play that and yeah like I said
this is primarily a protection against
rejecting packets against ourselves
after
just a quick question about the wallet
architecture the wallet that like
address that you said to start or when
they would you speak a channel or those
in the regular 44th yes for those we
used before t9 I was like before if
we're based that's before the kind is
basically SP to us age but we modify it
to use a witness for the address then we
use I think is called bit 84 which is
basically just pure that's much so you
bears like the priests calculus would
you have to see if everything else in
your teeth derivation purposes he
listened to sick purpose is not just for
the channel yes for the funny but it's
all you get with them that you screw
something burning
so that you're using the same recovery
letters you're using the same recovery
words as is traditional at this point
correct
Oh currently yes but what the way the
scheme is like the actual and ciphering
assisting from the encoding to making
swap-out recovery words in fuchsia so I
look at narrative I have a libraries
where we went through a hundred thousand
words to find the most memorable most
international words and the only thing
that's left in the thing is I need to do
hand in distance so if somebody is
interested we can come from I've got my
eighty percent of what's necessary for a
much better word yeah so that's firstly
so we get the future of my worthless or
any other parameters and to add onto
that we can also do different languages
as well so you can translate the same
sort of raw encoded cycle text into you
know Japanese can you just talk and
we're in the early days of whitening can
you talk about how you guys see the
network growing you know that being
adopted I think the court very rarely
did whenever we basically have like a
duty to look very excited maybe aren't
really useful when it kind of like
they're in facing services like Oh
someone's like you to do in a TCP have
open attack what do I do
I think you know which would give us the
initial facial work appropriately
ourselves with my pops it's kind of
different people with the educational
screw start operated knew it right so
like you know what should you be sitting
as far as if your kernel settings you
know how do you want to like actually
connect other peer
expand your connections you know it's
part of accountability so we're gonna do
a lot of work to actually get you know
the education with known operators base
if you know what they're doing cuz I
can't be a little more aware of network
doesn't happen I am this UI when you're
operators of code like people look at
their new Odin like you look at me now
so what's going on as far as like a no
cables coming in things like that and
then as far as merchants and attainment
things like that I think we're in a
phase where they start experimenting
with it because I think one thing thing
was to see kind of like actually like
live on their work beyond the testament
well nobody breakfast season people were
ignorant in Italy alright now if ever
like bit me feels like the major you
know kind of original Network people
kind like organizing oh I connect to
them like an eyebrow at Ross I think
walls will see different birds to come
up and kind of like you know went to
that one thing was even possible people
covering like discount account creation
it's like Oh opening channels me and
I'll be like you've been piercing like
that right maybe Cooper will be
attentive eyes have like different lower
fees from the get-go but so I think it's
come in a phase where people will you
know come like know Jeff Brown are
leading or they do this but now it's
early in the beyond that what you
actually see you think you mature a
little more I think you know more
obscene - oh come on because we've
pretty cool thing to be with exchanges
as far as that maybe them that well les
gust√≥ do they don't have time then also
maybe you know do like cross state
arbitrage I'm gonna count on to exchange
seconds yeah
tech factors include you know taking
down don't I guess which is why you want
to you know like have all the knows
we're particular surgeries to ensure
that you have availability of your users
other thing you can do was far Michael
but yep ohright that like your
necessarily needs to be advertisement
that work you only need to do so if you
actually
the running right so me halliburton
service packet-based which is be on edge
not even advertised know they're on
there no one who the excellent McGraw
tours HR actually do different payments
can do that
other things include maybe trying like
spam endowed with like very small
channels oh my god
you can basically hide from that policy
there your idea channel above you know
have a big corner right click on an ad
that cost barrier to actually you know
spamming with all the state other things
include I guess doing things on the
chain you know if you can kind of like
to make the chain like super for attacks
then we have other defenses advantage
we've kind of like do come underscore
the earth approach or if you trying to
cheat me
well I'll just have all your money to -
right in the meta so they do I'm the
cure I just want to basically happened
to be at the strong turn 32 years things
like setting Couture no space BTW I can
be connected I can connect you know
using tor events the network later on an
upper berth we're gonna add hidden
servers support as well it's not gonna
be CPU riding it but not give away my IP
address right - maybe that's any better
now because they don't know you know
that like I'm using Comcast in Mike's
everywhere in the world
it's like inconvenience yeah I guess the
students that you know have really
emergency it may be kind of likes my
active privacy attacks you know people
kind of like doing things like actively
on the network Marlins like to turn the
key my seizures then I become about I
can use Internet cards in that super so
we'll see what that comes
I I'm curious how watchtowers are gonna
work for more intermediate nodes like
people who have notes on their cell
phones that aren't specifically rocking
24/7 well they're you know they wouldn't
be accepting States from individuals but
you know they would be exporting those
states themselves but also I guess
there's a question kinda like the
compensation in a structure there's a
few that the ones you get a however
doesn't were freaky they're all twisted
my fantasy
they can't extend on the stage we can do
something else where maybe you may know
behave like some like small most
socially not for a state itself but then
also they could be a thing weighs like a
bonus where if you actually can act and
serve justice then you get what the
other 10% or something like that so well
you know ideally once we're all like
boom platforms it's going to be all in
the background so you know maybe like so
ideally just does it for the nose
automatically maybe if I'm a power user
active basically I was getting for our
code and make sure he's back there might
be quite do it as well just keep it more
constant remember oh yeah ideally you
might have like one or two or three so
you can like also cross-reference them
like can you come up make sure that
they're all consistent like your state
when you went down or if you lost
something you kind of recover them like
they're all telling you the same thing
[Music]
redundant initiated basically because
then it's a comical one event thing but
then like you know one thing to do
within the commitments we have to scale
UCSD guy according to the TV channel
size so maybe he's like a $10 child you
know one day that's like in 20 kids like
give me a few weeks picture things yeah
but I think when you're getting and also
is that once we have like more effective
watchtowers stuff like that like no the
middle Duty isn't like as much of an
attack vector like stealing your funds
then we can actually reduce those
timeouts and then like all the other
like inconvenience is about my funds
like about the two weeks as some
timeouts are coming on the higher side
that's because like it's news we won't
which like it would be a little more
cautious
that much more so probably in a big
Crapo excuse is a small detail the
macaroons Kitty speak a bit more about
them and kind of what's me whose faces
are they a feature for known operators
or these Ray's sure yeah I think so like
they're very simple basic is just a
German race an h-back like a root key
and then maybe some often you can't get
along with them right so because of this
you can't actually forwards backwards
right so you're able to like attenuate
it may be that you don't add on like it
was channel for what be teased on Monday
I kind of like hashing that down and
then I can still verify the moon chain
itself right so basically has this like
final digest but then also you know kind
of like information kind of reconstruct
that die just run through macaroni these
are typically used you know I think
Google usually pretty extensively now
anytime you take that your headers maybe
have my backwards they're being used for
them and in terms of a conduit operators
you can you can have a set or maybe your
back weren't even on your note at all
right like instead you can make it down
I believe you have as much back room for
other particular purpose right but then
there beyond that you can have time like
monitoring show this may be some idea
there something like that together we
took the ones to see you know what's
going on smart they're operators you can
give them that backward to only you know
collect that data itself right then I
think the other cooler aspect your or
your base you do have my cursor versus I
reckon have you know different distinct
button since this to only do what they
need to do in nothing else right isolate
so you know if they break into this box
they could only you know list my
channels and maybe not actually many
things like that so right now ever taken
we have it admin which basically all
purposes whoever we don't they can only
do read only and we have a very specific
addresses most invoices
well everyone are gonna add two links
basically you know very custom
occurrence and this we call diffusion
because you could say be more on the
core operating system and the intense I
can pass back room
you know to maybe like to send a payment
every day to someone okay
video gaming right and then I'm only
using the back burner be an antenna
patch back to LM t LD next a picture
gone there to pitch PQRS determine that
you have anchors oh you mean that they
just like made a bunch of channels or
spamming channel anchors with additional
YouTube service what they can be lost or
do you mean like making a bunch of very
small channels for third parties family
takes us to channel anchors oh I see
what you're saying I mean they would be
a party original funding output right to
the same address so like you the county
may later add like kind of like
constraints like what channels you
accepted come in click just RDP to come
tell us free the code to me like that's
fine maybe you don't want like a ten
cents outlet because maybe that's gonna
be decimal future right so you can kind
of like it's not present yet but the
issue on the github most beginner issues
whether you want Mike to do development
knowing you that basically what that we
have more policy like what time do I
accept
maybe someone don't need a lot of money
lose required another question about the
watchtowers two little questions is it
are they necessarily trusting is there
any way to like outsourced trust asleep
and then secondly is there anything
about it that's deterministic
deterministic wallet structure can you
like harden the keys that a use of
relocation and then give like a X pub or
the next private I guess the watchtower
that kind of thing or do you need to get
them a key every time your channel
updates but they - Restless oh yes like
you can see the trusses because like
huge basically have them like do a
particular action then they don't with
whether you have like one or the other
they can do that that's maybe the
watchtower like instead of returning the
funds to you so we go - oh no because
you know I give my signature and if they
create another signal transaction it's
in down right so you can say you know I
tell them what rejected should look like
and if you know we use that go 69 twisty
ensure that was that was oriented
mystically my goodness signature biscuit
Mouse creation they can only do that
right so if we said okay you can take
50% on I know like justice enforcement
they said that you need to set that up
in advance the watchtower speed say you
would sign that exactly so spell like we
said we do negotiation okay you know
here 20% you know do you know the most
associated state then that one they
could only get a lecture so what they
can do is just like not act put them in
that case you know you want to have
these are being redundant other place
doesn't like you know it takes like one
ouch was so you secure bunch of things
people like bitcoins and the second
question there was about you don't even
have to update every with every channel
update that's a tough watchtower what
the news
yeah but soon has already turned they
stick like you know there's like a
revocation scheme which you know can let
the compress the spaces like log in red
like having one for every the middle one
but there's this beautiful Persian
system involved kind of like you know
using these blinded keys to ensure they
don't know what to watch the other ones
which may go with Jill board chairs
kinda like you haven't been cryptid blog
and I encrypt the blob and stuff with
half the TX ID right what you don't know
but if you see this part have to takes
any on the chain you have the fourth you
can decrypt an act another wise we have
to brute force it you know a yes to a
traversal
thanks fair presentation so what problem
I've had anticipating a play is figuring
out where to connect to and show to open
channels with go and especially if
you're trying to receive payments
getting somebody who's willing to open a
channel with ones on their side so GFE
potential solutions or do you envision
like how this problem will be solved in
the future and like allowing people to
figure out who to connect it sure yeah
yeah sure I think one of the things that
will be like kind of undergo them in a
lot this year and in the future will be
like further work on autopilot
if you can imagine I think is like a
couple different use cases that users
might have you know you might be like
specifically of routing though you might
be like person just trying to pay you
might be a merchant you might may be an
exchange or like whatever there might be
different sort of use cases so you can
sort of think of optimizing the select
like the attachment profile autopilot
based on like whatever use cases right
or what you try to optimize for there
might be different fitness models for
which you are trying to look at yeah
autopilot is something long bill it's
basically like an automated channel
maker so they will look at it continue
like certain inputs like oh did your
wallet balance change if you connect
somebody and stuff like that and then
it'll try to like look and see like oh
what's a good channel to make so like
you can use different heuristics a guide
that attachment and so in the feature I
think like or that the same time there
could be like more like matchmaking
services like people say like hey I'm
trying to like me like maybe we can link
up and like there's nothing exchanged
really making a channel or something and
like that's another we're going to
but in general I think like if you have
a more with a more informed and like
more optimized autopilot then like a lot
of these problems might go away is like
oh please make channels to like a better
portion of like the network that you
transfer you yeah it's like you know
then cool is that you kind of like put
money in a box that just does it there's
more traffic when I cut there yep look
we're making I swear it's that Kenya the
current water doesn't test met and maybe
people would remain it kind of like
tends to like minimize the average
distance like you tend towards FSK with
retail network that's we're on go on
test net now we're going to be doing a
lot more traditional that's right back
even the code base itself everything's
coming attractive like an innovation
level so you can basically add what's
called a contagion aristocrat which has
been forgiven do I have more channels
the news reckoning to do that because if
you're right so if you could even like
compute you know rows are property to
monitor their peers like okay every
single time is NH you'll see it doesn't
get cancelled so there's every some sort
of common metrics like robustness you
don't want to connect a couple also get
only a joke might ask like you know what
Justin is into the performance yeah so
actually that's actually works so I
didn't really get to where the actual
switch replay protection was actually
put in that diagram but it actually
happens in the league level at the outer
edges
almost almost all logic in the switch
was actually pushed out of the interior
as much as possible sort of enabled like
the performance as you're saying the
only even like when we're actually
adding to the circuit map because of the
nature the way like incoming channels
work like when I'm a sea bean hdl-c and
like I submit a batch like the switch
like the only person will ever submit
those
two channel IDs is that way so as long
as it itself isn't replaying them it's
like there's gonna be no contention
there so those are actually all done in
parallel and then the only thing that
goes through the actual center of the
switch is just all Helen memory-wiping D
and then I was running and I was trying
to just grab the graph and compute the
number of note and it didn't match I run
them against the same Bitcoin node and
consistently light indeed this first
implementation was giving me about like
recently it was about 800 nodes and LTC
T was giving all about 480 or something
like that is this both so there might be
a couple of reasons for that
I mean one is just that you know there's
no guarantee that you will end up seeing
the same actual graph it kind of depends
on who those nodes are connected to and
what actual gossip information you're
getting from them like it you know it's
sort of like an eventually consistent
hopefully it's like a hopefully
eventually consistent system but like
but the guy like so there's no guarantee
that you will actually get all routing
updates and it just sort of like um it's
a best-effort thing the other reason
that there might be differences like
depending on level of validation that
the different implications are applying
you might actually be storing invalid
valid claim announcements or whatever on
one well one is actually doing more
heavy heavy filtering which I would
guess the primaries Helen the only
accept nodes that have channels going
but if no invitation is over lacks a
validation then you can see that the
analogy
but also dividend was used to have
different no policies I'm kind of like
when they like parse the channel so it
could be okay though they've been there
for like a year and like nothing would
happen with it will forget that look
when Jase you may not forget that but
they should be around the same size but
also oh I put it on like you know your
knowledge of private channels you could
have a compare graphics almost no you
know of the extent of what now there
could be some other channel that no one
knows about because I can use YouTube
forever right now and to come back this
bridge to be in the public numbers well
stuff you know the ability to link
garbage collect those all nodes is
actually really beneficial to like your
routing performance and usability
because I mean you're spending time
trying to wrap your dead notes that's
just gonna like increase the time length
the number of trials it takes actually
make a payment go through so I see and
the second question of boobage is my
ignorance is it possible so when you
open them know up when when you open the
channel you commit some funds the
channel and is it possible to observe
those funds being depleted gradually at
the level of network or not or you just
see the vendor closing the channel
network is my car PC or like period or
let's say our PC oh yeah you can like
for PC you can like just pull the ears
like we have that for any events that
now is vegetables
boarding event in the channel so you
know you can use that to see kind of
like what's happening there's not going
to speed purpose okay we won the future
and there's also this challenge you can
use poet to see what balancer or
everybody modified
okay so say I think you mentioned this a
little bit earlier when you had that
dust in the transaction so a transaction
that's super small and then you're going
through intermediary note and say what
if he goes in cooperative or you go
silent and then the channel is like
hdl-c so you'd have that outlook for
that law but it's super small and have
an output so would it be stuck there
like that so I you're saying like like a
desk hoc never gets fully completed yeah
so we don't record that in the law like
we only record things that you know
actually get extended comebacker costs
but then also you have no type of
dynamic desk um and so I can say okay I
only accept you know a COC but like to
use tissues so I would yeah and then we
do things around but you know ensuring
that you know our productions logo is
always about my consensus or like to my
policy up there it's also right now
basically yeah so you kind of mentioned
that you would have like a minimum
transaction that you would have to have
like you couldn't have like a makeover
like okay me well it depends if certain
notes will say maybe like I'm a high
validated oh so I don't have other one
goes they want that cuz I'm on fees
don't want the even the frequency of
payments okay cuz like I wasn't sure
like lending them was supposed to handle
like very very large transactions versus
like maybe smaller and faster daily
transactions ever was kind of like let's
you spill our documents like what duplex
market maybe people have like small
channels you can still do like hundred
off payment through much time
